welcome to unboxing and first look at
Logitech's que 750 Logitech wireless
solar keyboard works in daylight lamp
light and no light so not only is it
solar-powered but like you know I had
those calculators in elementary school
and you're like you know oh yeah maybe
if I just get sneak the angle just right
towards the window then like it'll work
and stuff and that was a real hassle
well nowadays solar technology they have
figured out can augment battery
technology amazing right so the keyboard
comes with a rechargeable battery that
lasts for up to I think it's some
ridiculous period of time like
doo-doo-doo up to three months in total
darkness and then just sits and charges
while it does have access to lay it uses
their unifying reciever which means you
only have to have one dongle plug into
your computer you can have up to six
Logitech devices that support it plugged
in at the same time there it is cleaning
cloth included BAM unifying reciever is
down here and oh that's kind of neat so
it comes with just an extender this is
not the unifying reciever this tiny
micro USB right here is the receiver but
you can do that if you want to get a
little bit further away from some
interference out of the back of the case
or or you know if you want to be able to
remove it from your motherboard more
easily then you can turn on me okay
what else do they have to say for
themselves about this guy elegant thin
profile yeah definitely eco-friendly
pvc-free construction framed keys for
your modern set up whatever that means I
think they mean chiclet keys something
they're trying to say I think that's
what they're trying to say 2.4 gigahertz
feels good very thin powered by light
plug it forget it add to it the unifying
reciever right so you just throw that in
there then you can sync as many Logitech
devices you want
is actually really nice so see you okay
you guys you can see there's a little
bit of flex to it not much though all
things considered check out how thin
this is it's very heavy now that comes
with the territory with the battery
that's included as well as the solar
cells that are included it comes with
protection plastic covering so let's go
ahead and get that off it also has an
on/off switch although given that it
runs for months on battery life and runs
on light and if you're not like the
biggest basement dweller ever the light
probably exists in your universe this is
probably gonna get and connect the
battery this is indicating the on/off
switch
oh no way okay so let's turn it on check
that out
that means it's charging that means it's
not saying I can check is it charging is
it not oh you know what we should do we
should like we should cover the solar
cells and then we should try and get it
to always to try and get it to not be
charging and then we'll see if that's
actually what it is because I'm guessing
right now yeah see BAM
so now you can tell is it running on
battery is it not running on battery ah
so cool okay the back of it's fairly
straightforward you got your little feet
here so you can actually do that which
sort of self-explanatory and let's see
how it feels
hello how are you today this is actually
not bad for them bring eboard and yeah
I'm impressed
in terms of layout long shift keys long
answer long and backspace so no
complaints their function keys are
handled so one windows key one function
key wouldn't minded seeing those reverse
especially if you're going to use it for
games although it's not exactly a gaming
keyboard but your function keys give you
access to home mail search calculator
love that I love in fact I prefer a
dedicated button for calculator because
calculator is important to me music
which I think what they mean to say is
play and pause oh no there it is
playable okay oh I guess that just
launches your music application forward
back play pause volume controls as well
as powering the PC on and
off all these are correct sometimes you
see like a long delete and like inserts
gone and lever like somewhere else as a
function key or some ghetto thing like
that but no everything looks good layout
wise the chiclet keys have a bit of a
roundedness to them i want to get you
guys kind of a better angle can you see
that can you see they're not flat so
what that means is it can can can you
okay so what that means is that you can
actually quite easily find the center of
the key while you're typing it's
difficult to it's difficult to
demonstrate but I'm you guys will just
have to kind of take my word for it it
feels it actually feels pretty good and
you can hear there's there's some
tactile response to the keyboard because
it's so thin there's no flex to it
whatsoever which is the actually the
secret to a chiclet keyboard because
that's where you run into trouble with
these chiclet keyboards on laptops when
they're using just an inadequate shell
and there's a lot of flex to the
keyboard they're very uncomfortable to
type on but as long as they're nice and
rigid like for example on the mac books
where they have the aluminum base for it
then it feels really really good so it's
kind of an either horrible or great sort
of experience rubber feet on the bottom
keep it from slipping around so if I
were to do this it would stop and I
think that pretty much covers it thank
you for checking out my unboxing and
first look at the K 750 which is
actually just kind of the smartest thing
ever because it's just Wireless and
battery lists and should be pretty much
the last keyboard you ever need which is
bad for NCIX I guess because we still
want to slow your keyboards but good for
you so already don't forget to subscribe
Linus tech tips from our boxing's
reviews and other computer videos